Clean up redirected links (#20137)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/get-started.md

- [Get started with .NET Core on macOS using Visual Studio Code](./tutorials/using-on-macos.md)
- [Get started with .NET Core using the command-line](./tutorials/cli-create-console-app.md)

> - [Get started with .NET Core on macOS using Visual Studio for Mac](tutorials/with-visual-studio-mac.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tutorial: Create a .NET Core console application using Visual Studio for Mac](tutorials/with-visual-studio-mac.md)
```
